outside today we'll do both nerd
something just as simple many Christians
officially a sandwich that is now quasi
So not as a real recipe
but rather as inspiration
sometimes to make a sandwich who me
and now for such a big one
decided on that much hunger
Of course you can do it however you like
scale whether big or small you have to
do not take what we do now either
had to unpack here but
take what you want it of course
then later for the ingredients
We will be two pages today
occupy one more like that with camille and
one here with delicious tuna stand
we just bought it here in the
Dose and we catch is but once
with a simple roulade to it
they would be distributed to both
On the side of it I'm doing now
just a little bit too
a lot of that bit good on that
sandwich on it will be here now
do not smear with knives
have to distribute but that the
so now everything fits and next
is the cheese that we already here
times out of the packaging rausgeholt
have and also on both sides
it comes naturally and with whom you
then have it on then then already
the first variations as I said on the
a half could punish the
other salami and that is now
already our next shift here
I'll do the left here now
salami side
just like three slices and I hope
I arrive at about halfway
yes, that fits and on the other side
now comes the tuna we watch
think about getting out now
I already have one of those
little bit of that water or what that
everything was natural
even before the video just so
save a little time
I believe that we can do the whole dose
need to be
but we also want to save there now
save quite apropos
you choose to have already determined
that you will see the price there
that is also a great thing
which we find a sandwich
It is also cheap and I think
that you should now here once also
show so I think that should now
I still like it now
what down well maybe here
a bit okay
and I think that actually is
also the right time for it
To spice things up we have such a salt
and pepper shaker comes from salt
of course on both sides as well
not too much is salted to the brim
I also think the pepper is a good one
bit more important so and what we now
make is the salad we have so
normal iceberg lettuce me that
Let's go into such big pieces and
let's just spread it over there
we have enough right now
place on this plate here then the
Cucumbers for the salami side and egg
for the tuna side to cut
For now I push this here
so a bit to the side and get me
now this dish is here like this
a bit of water ended up that
just what comes of it in the salad
have washed groups where he does not
perfectly taken off so i'm doing now
times as fits of thick height or I
I think so
Just cut off a few slices
We already said you can
Nowhere take what you want and just
which we would be very happy what
First, for us a certain inspiration
and maybe also for the second
other spectators
if that's any great
makes sandwich or it is not great
but in her sandwich then you can do
you also give us a video answer
Just write life as inspiration
not only for us but also for us
other people watching you if anything
cool is so it is likely
Now it's only for one side
but I still believe a disc
I'm a bit crazy now
just become
Let's have a look. It's the same
on it now what I am
now synonymous only in sample slices
cuts it also tailors
just use something but that works
with the knife is also quite good
always just the danger that the fruit
another field and recognizes but it fits
yes, already quite good so already done
boiled egg what you buy in the store
can
we do not cook yourself go there
not the microwave so that's one
bit to the side and the phone again
want to
as I said left is alami so
Let's spread the cucumbers
they will not be on top of that
tuna people just come with us
did not think that somehow
Cucumber tuna can be used properly
of course, but to still
i just want to put in with our page
two rows so and now on the other
side just the egg and then the cell phone
already almost finished and by
Expense now waits for how much
long is the video already I know it
Not for a bit of preparation
tasted because of that at last
So to bake the bread yourself
but you can do it much faster
a reasonable dish actually
I do not hope to do it now
Let's have a look about that, that they still
but I think I shut up
have the fear that we that we
we can not do that right
can now completely cut off then
just put on top but nothing
not a big fan of or i will now
but settle fast
and then have a look
so
so and fruits and on top of mine
by the way, perspective looks that way
fantastic if we try this
we have the whole sandwiches with us
two people plastered and we can do it
from own experience one says one becomes
of it full of two and if you yes
clearly the price then see
can you think about what you do
Otherwise would get so
the taste here in any case
absolutely great, of course, twice again
so well because it has made itself
Of course, exactly what I want
actually
So absolutely absolutely
recommended environmental should times
try it out and that to the video
I think I have answers
So then say until the next video
away from him